QTM 302W Poster
================
Hao Wang, Jafer Hasnain
April 16th, 2023

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
<!-- badges: start -->

[![Launch Rstudio
Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/haowangtaka/QTM-302W-Poster/main?urlpath=rstudio)
<!-- badges: end -->

# Project Name

## Contributors

- 

#### – Project Status: \[Active, On-Hold, Completed\]

## Project Intro/Objective

The purpose of this project is Cracking the Code of Student Success
using Student Performance Dataset\*

### Methods Used

- Correlation, Principal Component Analysis, K-nearest Neighbor,
  Decision Tree

### Platforms and Languages

- R

## Project Description

*In Portugal, where high student failure and dropout rates persist, it
is crucial to pinpoint the key factors affecting academic success to
improve education quality. Our study examines the “Student Performance”
dataset, containing student demographics, study habits, performance in
math and Portuguese language courses, and other attributes related to
their academic performance, aiming to highlight the essential elements
impacting achievement. We use various data analysis techniques to help
reveal the complex relationships between variables influencing
educational outcomes, allowing for a better understanding of factors
promoting academic success and enabling targeted interventions to
enhance education in Portugal. *

## How to Use This Repository

This research compendium has been developed using the statistical
programming language R.

### Project Structure

*Put an ASCII tree here with your project’s directory structure. Give a
short description of where the different components of data and analysis
are.*

### Run in Your Web Browser

You can click the “binder” badge above to open this repository using
RStudio in your browser. Then, please open…

### Download and Run Locally

To work with the repository on your local computer, you will need the [R
software](https://cloud.r-project.org/) and RStudio
Desktop\](<https://rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/>).

You can download this repository as a zip from from this URL:
[main.zip](/archive/main.zip). After unzipping, please run
`renv::hydrate()` in the console to install the necessary packages.

### Featured Notebooks/Analysis/Deliverables or Demo

### How to cite

Please cite this project as:

### Licenses
